911: 9-1-1 Emergency.
AMR: Hi, it's American Medical Response on a recorded line.
911: Hi.
AMR: Hey, so one of my units was picking up a patient at 10101 NE 120th Street, looks like they're going to need medic unit to head out there for the patient having decreased O2 sats.
911: OK.
AMR: And yeah, it looks like they were there for a heart rate as well, it is going up.
911: This is Life Care Center of Kirkland?
AMR: Yeah, it's the Life Care Center.
911: OK.
AMR: Should be outside near 100th Ave Northeast and Northeast 120th Street.
911: So AMR's on scene, and--.
AMR: We have a patient, they just yeah need a request.
911: OK. And what's the age and gender of the patient.
AMR: I see that it's a 90-year-old female.
911: OK, and what symptoms were you saying?
AMR: She had O2 sats were dropping and heart rate was very high, around 124, patient was having difficulty breathing, dry cough as well.
911: OK. Any fever?
AMR: I see temp of just 98.4.
911: OK.
AMR: So.
[Typing]
911: OK, and let's see, they were requesting aid, correct? What was the O2 sat that they got?
AMR: It was previously at 84 percent, but
now it's dropped to 77, so.
911: OK, so they're requesting medics?
AMR: Yeah.
911: OK.
AMR: OK.
911: Got it I'll let them know.
AMR: Thank you.